
> Read `/docs/shaping/display_formulaires/Explore prototype.md` for context.

# List data providers and their authorization_definitions

First, we are going to make the routes, controllers and views to list the data providers.
We will also add the button "Gérer mes formulaires" in /instruction/tableau-de-bord/demandes

Use the prototype as an example for the UI and the wordings, but you can rethink all the code.

Make ViewComponents like describe in @CLAUDE.md:133-141

## Submenu entry instead of button in dashboard

Instead of the button in the dashboard, I want a new submenu entry called "Formulaires", like in this design : file:///home/caillou/Apps/datagouv/data_pass/docs/shaping/display%20formulaires/designs/DataPass%20-%20Fiche%20&%20cas%20d'usage%20(standalone)%20(V0)%20(1).html

(the deisgn call it "Formulaires et cas d'usages", but we will just name it "Formulaires").

## A page to list the providers only

Ok, forget about the list of definitions, we will just list the providers. I want the design to look like this : https://sandbox.datapass.api.gouv.fr/instruction/fournisseurs-donnees (which is the PR #1607 you should have take as a model actually)

## Tweaks

- We are missing the cursor:pointer on hover, and the blue arrow bottom right. Check out #1607 for that.

- We are not renaming authorization_definitions into formulaires yet ! Don't use "formulaire" where we are actually referencing authorization_definitions in the code.

- Don't use inlince css, make a class and put the css in a stylesheet.

- rename accessible_count into definitions_count in the card component

- I moved the feature file under /features/instructeurs/gestion_des_formulaires/

- the view component preview without logo has an error : Couldn't find DataProvider with [WHERE "logo_attachment"."id" IS NULL]. It should instead render a card without logo.

- why does the view component preview doesn't look like what we see on /instruction/fournisseurs-donnees ? The logo is not centered, and overflows from its container.

- Add a feature to check if an instructor with only 2 data_providers in his roles sees only these two providers in the list, and another to check if an instructor with no data_providers in his roles but one definition, sees the provider of this definition.